Update documentation for Kubernetes 1.26+ and PCaaS2 (#132)
elastx/elx-docs: content/en/docs/private-kubernetes/guides/autoscaling.md

hux-lab1-control-plane-c9bmm   Ready    control-plane   2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-control-plane-j5p42   Ready    control-plane   2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-control-plane-wlwr8   Ready    control-plane   2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-447sn          Ready    <none>          2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-9ltbp          Ready    <none>          2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-htfbp          Ready    <none>          15h     v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-k56hn          Ready    <none>          16h     v1.27.3
```

## How to activate autoscaling?

Autoscaling currently needs to be configured by Elastx support.

In order to activate auto scaling we need to know what cluster and nodegroup to activate auto scaling on along with the minimum and maximum number of nodes the group can scale to.

Nodes are split into availability zones meaning if you want 3 nodes you get one in each availability zone.

Another example is to have a minimum of 3 nodes and maximum of 7. This would translate to minimum one node per availability zone and maximum 3 in STO1 and 2 in STO2 and STO3 respectively.
To keep it simple we recommend using increments of 3.

> If you are unshare contact out support and we will help you get the configuration you wish for.

Reviewer: *unsure

## How does autoscaling know when to add additional nodes?

> Nodes are added once they are needed. and there is 2 scenarious.

Reviewer: Nodes are added once they are needed and there are 2 scenarios:*

1. You have a pod that fails to be scheduled on existing nodes

> 2. You schedule pods with requests and the autoscaler senses that your pods won't be able to be scheduled. If a lot of pods are schedule this method can add more than one node at a time.

Reviewer: Second sentence should probably be *scheduled

In the example below we have the cluster `hux-lab1` and can see the default workers are located in the nodegroup `worker` and additionally, the added nodegroup `nodegroup2` with a few extra nodes.

```bash
❯ kubectl get nodes
NAME                           STATUS   ROLES           AGE     VERSION
hux-lab1-control-plane-c9bmm   Ready    control-plane   2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-control-plane-j5p42   Ready    control-plane   2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-control-plane-wlwr8   Ready    control-plane   2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-447sn          Ready    <none>          2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-9ltbp          Ready    <none>          2d18h   v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-htfbp          Ready    <none>          15h     v1.27.3
hux-lab1-worker-k56hn          Ready    <none>          16h     v1.27.3
hux-lab1-nodegroup2-33hbp      Ready    <none>          15h     v1.27.3
hux-lab1-nodegroup2-54j5k      Ready    <none>          16h     v1.27.3
```

## How to activate autoscaling?

Autoscaling currently needs to be configured by Elastx support.

> In order to activate auto scaling we need to know `clustername` and `nodegroup` with two values for `minimum/maximum` number of desired nodes. Currently we cannot have minimum set below 3 nodes however this is subnject to vhange in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to activate auto scaling we need to know `clustername` and `nodegroup` with two values for `minimum/maximum` number of desired nodes. Currently we have a minimum set to 3 nodes however this is subject to change in the future.
```
